      Artificial Intelligence (AI) has grown tremendously in the last few years. With the release of Chat GBT, questions of what AI will be able to do next are at the forefront of everyone's minds. Chat GBT is used by people all over the world in a variety of ways. From helping write code to answering questions, and even helping people pinpoint leaks in their house [2]. LLMs are already being integrated into every sector there is. The question is how they will impact those fields.
      One field that benefits from LLMs and AI is the medical field. If hospitals can use AI to diagnose or treat patients, it could be a great advancement for the medical field. AI is already being used to read ECGs, scan X-rays, and even rival physicians on tedious tasks [1]. AI can do all those tasks quicker and more accurately than doctors. This would greatly reduce the money spent by hospitals because they would not have to call a doctor in. It would also allow doctors to see patients longer because they could automate tasks that take up many hours. 
      AI in the medical field will drastically change in the next few years. AI will probably be used to diagnose patients in the emergency room. This is because it can take in more data points than a human. It will also be able to interpret many different images and test results quicker, making changes to a patient’s regimen faster. This will also give doctors a better understanding of a patient's problems. AI is used to plan surgical operations and recommend procedures. The predictive power of AI could be used to identify possible health problems down the line and recommend changes or plans to avoid those serious health problems [3].
      I believe the medical field will welcome these advances. This is because there is already a very high burnout and depression rate in the medical community and doing anything to decrease the workload would decrease the number of doctors stepping away. This should also help with shortages in certain specialties of doctors. For example, fewer and fewer doctors are going into primary care and pediatrics leading to an even growing patient population and a shrinking labor force. Having a tool to diagnose your patients quickly and accurately allows doctors in these areas to see more patients and give them better care. 
      The primary concern will AI is how it will be regulated. There are many concerns with privacy, transparency, and liability [3]. Patients' data will be put at risk by collecting and using it. This can be prevented by properly securing and inputting as little data as possible. Regulations will also need to be put in place to decide who is responsible for malpractice. Finally, there are questions about how much of the code for these AI programs will be available to the public. All of these questions should be largely uniform and therefore come from the federal government and not the states.
